README.md, before:

# Ganary

Ganary (alias for "GMS Runtime Canary", and henceforth abbreviated as "GRC") is a GMS 2.3 project that uses [Olympus](https://github.com/bscotch/olympus) to perform regression tests for GMS runtimes.

When a new runtime is released, it should pass all existing tests to confirm that known issues are fixed.

If new issues are discovered, they can be added as Olympus tests to ensure that they are covered going forward.

## How to use

### Default config

Under this config, the tester has 3 seconds to enter inputs through mouse/touchscreen/gamepad to reset the Olympus record to start the test fresh. If no input is detected, the test will load unfinished Olympus record if there are any in the saves directory as a result of silent crashes.

### Dev Config or Debug mode

Under this config, the tests will always start fresh, and the Olympus async test that requires user feedback are skipped.

## Project Organization and How to Add Tests

All tests are registered in these script resources in the `Ganary/Test_registration` group in the yyp project:

1. `grc_register_sync_function_tests`: For tests that are added through the `olympus_add_test()` API
2. `grc_register_async_function_tests`: For tests that are added through the `olympus_add_async_test()` API
3. `grc_register_manual_tests`: For tests that are added through the `olympus_add_async_test_with_user_feedback()` API
4. `grc_register_compile_tests`: For tests that would prevent the project from building

These scripts are then called in `o_grc_test_starter`'s `Create` event in the `_function_to_add_tests_and_hooks()` instance function.

You can add your tests to these script resources, or you can create a new script and add it to the `_function_to_add_tests_and_hooks()` function and move the script to the `Ganary/Test_registration` group.

If you add resouces such as sprites, audios, and shaders, move them to the `Ganary/misc_resources` group. If you add objects, move them to `Ganary/Objects`'s subgroups based on their test type.

Commit message:

feat: Added the NodeJS server to receive Olympus record.

README.md, after:

# Ganary

Ganary (alias for "GMS Runtime Canary", and henceforth abbreviated as "GRC") is a GMS 2.3 project that uses [Olympus](https://github.com/bscotch/olympus) to perform regression tests for GMS runtimes.

When a new runtime is released, it should pass all existing tests to confirm that known issues are fixed.

If new issues are discovered, they can be added as Olympus tests to ensure that they are covered going forward.

## How to use

### Default config

Under this config, the tester has 3 seconds to enter inputs through mouse/touchscreen/gamepad to reset the Olympus record to start the test fresh. If no input is detected, the test will load unfinished Olympus record if there are any in the saves directory as a result of silent crashes.

### Dev Config or Debug mode

Under this config, the tests will always start fresh, and the Olympus async test that requires user feedback are skipped.

### Testing on devices that are hard to access the save data

In the `Ganary/datafiles/OutPutReceiver` path, you can spawn a simple [Express](https://expressjs.com/) server to receive the Olympus record.

1. Navigate to `Ganary/datafiles/OutPutReceiver`
2. Run `npm i` to install the dependencies
3. Run `node index` to spawn the server at http://localhost:4000
4. [Identify your local IPv4 Address](https://www.whatismybrowser.com/detect/what-is-my-local-ip-address)
5. Go back to GMS project and edit the variable `url_to_send_output_to` in `o_grc_test_starter`'s Create event. For example, if your local IPv4 address is `192.168.1.98`, then you can have `url_to_send_output_to = "http://192.168.1.98:4000"`
6. Ensure the testing device is on the same network as the machine that you are running the Express server on.
7. Run the game, and when the test is completed, the Olympus record will be sent the Express server, which will write to a file at `Ganary/datafiles/OutPutReceiver/grc_test.olympus.json`

## Project Organization and How to Add Tests

All tests are registered in these script resources in the `Ganary/Test_registration` group in the yyp project:

1. `grc_register_sync_function_tests`: For tests that are added through the `olympus_add_test()` API
2. `grc_register_async_function_tests`: For tests that are added through the `olympus_add_async_test()` API
3. `grc_register_manual_tests`: For tests that are added through the `olympus_add_async_test_with_user_feedback()` API
4. `grc_register_compile_tests`: For tests that would prevent the project from building

These scripts are then called in `o_grc_test_starter`'s `Create` event in the `_function_to_add_tests_and_hooks()` instance function.

You can add your tests to these script resources, or you can create a new script and add it to the `_function_to_add_tests_and_hooks()` function and move the script to the `Ganary/Test_registration` group.

If you add resouces such as sprites, audios, and shaders, move them to the `Ganary/misc_resources` group. If you add objects, move them to `Ganary/Objects`'s subgroups based on their test type.
